How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It point to the place where the changed occurred therefor reducing the scope of troubleshooting and saving time.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    By saving my time when searching for the exact moment when the bug was introduced.
    By providing an easy opportunity to rollback any changes made in project

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: more control on logical data divisions for saving, naming, right number of versions
    Cons: possibility to forget,

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Sometimes it's reasonable to save changes on multiple files that are logically connected to each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log shows the whole history of all commits made.
    Git diff can compare 2 files and show what have changed in the second one.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because there is always a way to do as many backup as I want when it's logically justified.
    So I do not have to be afraid to break something as long as I can go back to a previous working version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    For developing a website, webapp

*********** Lesson 2 **********

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can add files where logical change was introduced to staging area.
I can compare files in staging area to working dir and to repository


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches can help if you want to create a new version of your program or if you ant to test something, or fix a bug, or introduce new feature

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It helps me to understand how many branches I have and which commits are inside each branch

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
When we merge 2 branches the current branch gets all the commits form the merged one.
We represent it that way because new branch has 2 parents.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
While doing merge manually we can specify a message  
